[Music]
coconut flan is a tropical favorite
enjoy it as a dessert or a quick snack
any time of the day
hi I'm Olga from one click - now here's
an easy delicious recipe that anyone can
make
we love flung and we love coconut this
recipe combines them both it's really
simple
let's make it together as you know I
like to prepare everything in advance so
here's what you will need the
ingredients are 5 eggs 1 14 ounce size
can of sweetened condensed milk 1 14
ounce can of unsweetened coconut milk
and 1 teaspoon of vanilla lastly you
will need a baking pan with caramelized
sugar to make the caramel ice sugar
combined 3/4 cup sugar in 1/3 cup water
in a small saucepan and bring it to a
boil stir until golden brown and pour
into the baking dish you can see our
creamy flung video for a demonstration
be extremely careful this caramelized
sugar mixture is very hot once you've
mixed all the ingredients in and you're
ready to go ahead and pour it onto the
pan
you take your pan and you put it in a
bun you marry young Oh Maria bath for
about an hour at a temperature of 350
[Music]
welcome back
so I've cooled the flan overnight and
now I have plated it as you can tell
with raspberries blueberries and coconut
flakes I hope that you enjoyed it well
one click to know this is Olga please
join us again for another delicious and
easy recipe
[Music]
you